I need you to fix the SEO/crawlability/discoverability of my website:

https://swishassistant.com/

The main issue is that player profile pages exist on the site, but search engines and AI/web crawlers are struggling to discover and fetch them reliably.

For example, player profiles are associated with competitions such as:

https://swishassistant.com/competition/bcb-trophy-2026-2027

The competition page contains players/teams/game information, and individual player profile pages contain a full game log/history. I want Google and other search/AI crawlers to be able to discover those player pages naturally from the public website.

IMPORTANT:
Do NOT just make generic SEO changes. First inspect the existing application, routing, database structure, rendering method, and current SEO implementation. Then identify exactly why the player pages are difficult to discover/crawl.

Goals

Make every public player profile discoverable through normal HTML links.

Make player profile URLs stable, clean and descriptive, for example:

/player/ty-nsangu

or whatever URL structure already exists if it is better to preserve it.

Do NOT create duplicate URLs unnecessarily.

Ensure player profile pages are server-side rendered or otherwise contain their important content in the initial HTML response.

The following information should be present in crawlable HTML, not only loaded after JavaScript executes:

Player name
Team
Position
Competition/league
Player statistics
Game log
Dates
Opponents
Points
Rebounds
Assists
Other available box-score statistics
Competition pages should contain crawlable links to the relevant player profiles.

For example, if a game contains:

Ty Nsangu
30 points
20 rebounds

there should be a normal HTML <a href="...">Ty Nsangu</a> link pointing to his player profile.

Do this throughout the site rather than hard-coding individual players.

Team pages should link to their player profiles.

Game pages/box scores should link to every player appearing in the game.

Player profile pages should link back to:

Their current team
Their competition/league
Relevant games
Other useful navigation

This should create a strong internal linking structure:

Competition → Team → Player → Game Log → Game → Player

XML sitemap

Create or improve the XML sitemap.

Make sure ALL public player profile URLs are included.

Also include:

Competition pages
Team pages
Game pages
Other important public statistical pages

Do NOT include:

Login pages
Admin pages
Private/user-specific pages
Search-result URLs
Duplicate URLs
API endpoints
Internal application routes that aren't intended for search

If the site has many players, generate the sitemap dynamically from the database rather than maintaining a static list.

If necessary, implement a sitemap index and multiple sitemap files.

robots.txt

Inspect robots.txt and make sure we are not accidentally blocking:

Player profiles
Competition pages
Team pages
Game pages
CSS/JS resources needed to render public content

Do not blindly allow everything. Keep private/admin/API areas protected where appropriate.

Add the sitemap location to robots.txt.

Canonical URLs

Every public player profile should have a self-referencing canonical URL.

For example:

<link rel="canonical" href="https://swishassistant.com/player/ty-nsangu">

Use the actual canonical URL generated by the application.

Make sure query parameters don't create duplicate indexable versions of player pages.

Meta titles

Create useful dynamic titles for player pages.

Example:

Ty Nsangu Stats, Game Log & Results | Swish Assistant

or, preferably, something incorporating the competition/team where useful.

For example:

Ty Nsangu Stats & Game Log | BCB | Swish Assistant

Do NOT make every page have the same title.

Meta descriptions

Generate useful dynamic meta descriptions.

Example:

"Ty Nsangu player statistics, game-by-game results and BCB game log from Swish Assistant."

Again, generate these dynamically from the player's actual data.

Open Graph / social metadata

Add appropriate dynamic:

og:title
og:description
og:url
og:type
og:image where available

for player pages.

Structured data

Add appropriate Schema.org structured data where useful.

For player pages, investigate whether Person and SportsPerson are appropriate.

For sports teams, use SportsTeam where appropriate.

For games/events, use the appropriate sports/event schema where it makes sense.

Do not add misleading schema just for SEO.

Only mark up information that is actually visible on the page.

Important: historical statistics

The player profile is particularly important because it contains a full historical game log.

Make sure historical BCB regular-season games are publicly rendered on the player page and are not hidden behind a client-only interaction that crawlers cannot access.

If the game log uses pagination, tabs, "load more", or infinite scrolling:

Ensure the initial HTML contains a meaningful amount of game-log content.
Provide crawlable pagination or another HTML-accessible mechanism where appropriate.
Do not rely exclusively on JavaScript/API calls to expose historical games.
Avoid creating hundreds of thin duplicate URLs.

The goal is for a crawler to be able to fetch a player page and actually understand their historical statistics.

Internal linking

Add contextual internal links throughout the site.

For example:

A competition page:

BCB Trophy 2026–27
→ Ty Nsangu
→ Jalen Cook
→ etc.

A game:

Hemel Storm 85–80 Loughborough Riders
→ Ty Nsangu
→ Jalen Cook
→ other players

A player:

Ty Nsangu
→ Hemel Storm
→ BCB
→ individual games
→ previous competitions/seasons where applicable

This is particularly important because I want search engines and AI systems to be able to answer questions such as:

"How many rebounds did Ty Nsangu have in his biggest BCB game?"

or:

"What was Jalen Cook's highest-scoring game last season?"

The underlying historical data already exists, so the objective is to make it publicly discoverable and crawlable.

URL architecture

Audit the current URL architecture before changing it.

If the current URLs are already good, KEEP them.

Do not break existing URLs unnecessarily.

If player URLs need to change, implement permanent 301 redirects from the old URLs.

Check for:

duplicate player URLs
trailing slash inconsistencies
uppercase/lowercase duplicates
query-parameter duplicates
competition-season duplicates
old/dead player URLs
Performance

Make sure the changes don't significantly slow down page loads.

Avoid putting the entire historical database into the initial HTML if game logs are enormous.

Use sensible pagination while maintaining crawlability.

Rendering / framework

Determine whether this application is:

server rendered
statically generated
client-side rendered
hybrid

If player profiles currently depend on client-side JavaScript/API calls, identify whether we can render the key player information server-side.

If the application is React/Next.js/etc., use the framework's recommended metadata and server-rendering approach rather than inventing a separate SEO system.

Search engine verification

After making the changes, test the actual HTML returned to an unauthenticated crawler.

Do NOT simply check what a browser displays after JavaScript executes.

For several real players, verify that an HTTP request to the public player URL returns HTML containing:

Player name
Team
Competition
Statistics
Game log entries
Links to relevant games
Links to team/competition pages
Canonical URL
Title
Meta description
Structured data if implemented

Use curl or another HTTP client to inspect the raw response.

Test these players

Use real players from the database, including:

Ty Nsangu
Jalen Cook

Do not hard-code these players into the SEO implementation. They are test cases only.

Find their actual profile URLs from the application/database.

Sitemap test

After implementation, verify:

https://swishassistant.com/robots.txt

and:

https://swishassistant.com/sitemap.xml

(or the appropriate sitemap-index URL)

Then verify that the sitemap contains the actual player profile URLs.

Final audit

Once implemented, give me a report containing:

What was preventing player pages from being discovered.
What files/components/routes you changed.
The final player URL structure.
How player pages are now internally linked.
How the sitemap is generated.
Whether player pages are server-rendered/crawlable.
What metadata was added.
What structured data was added.
Any redirects created.
Any remaining SEO/crawlability problems.

Most importantly, DO NOT just tell me that SEO has been "improved".

Actually test the public URLs as an unauthenticated crawler would.

The desired outcome is that a search engine or AI web crawler can start at:

https://swishassistant.com/competition/bcb-trophy-2026-2027

follow normal HTML links to a player such as Ty Nsangu, fetch his player profile, and then discover his historical BCB game log and individual games without needing to know the player's URL in advance.