Unify and modernize the “AI-Powered Chatbot” and “Coaches Hub” sections so they look connected and interactive.

Tasks:

Unify Backgrounds

Make the backgrounds of both the “AI-Powered Chatbot” and “Coaches Hub” sections use the same subtle gradient:
bg-gradient-to-b from-orange-50 to-[#fffaf5]

Remove any sharp color breaks or white gaps between the two sections.

Maintain balanced spacing (py-20) between the section contents.

Animated Underlines on Section Headings

Add a clean orange underline animation beneath the titles (AI-Powered Chatbot and Coaches Hub).

The underline should grow from left to right on hover and when scrolled into view.

Use this CSS animation pattern:

.underline-animate::after {
  content: "";
  display: block;
  height: 3px;
  background: linear-gradient(to right, #ff7b00, #ffa733);
  width: 0%;
  transition: width 0.4s ease;
  margin-top: 6px;
}
.underline-animate:hover::after,
.underline-animate.in-view::after {
  width: 60%;
}


Add the underline-animate class to each section heading.

Use an IntersectionObserver (or Framer Motion equivalent) to add the in-view class when the section enters the viewport.

“Coming Soon” Badge Enhancements

For all orange “Coming Soon” badges, add a hover animation:

Slight scale-up (hover:scale-110)

Soft orange glow (hover:shadow-[0_0_10px_rgba(255,102,0,0.4)])

Smooth transition: transition-all duration-300 ease-out

Add the same “Coming Soon” badge beside the Coaches Hub heading for visual consistency.

Ensure alignment matches the badge placement used in the AI-Powered Chatbot section.

Spacing & Shadow Polish

Apply equal horizontal padding across both sections (px-8 md:px-16).

Add a subtle inset shadow or gradient fade at the bottom of the unified block to make the next section transition smoother.

Responsiveness

On mobile, trigger the underline animation on scroll rather than hover.

Ensure that hover effects degrade gracefully (no scaling overflow).

Verify both sections retain their visual balance on screens under 768px.